Add documentation for new action storeEpochTimestampInVariable (#47)
ing-bank/ingenious-doc: docs/additionalfeatures.md

    ![storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData](img/Things/storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData-3.png "storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData3")

 ------   
??? example "Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable"

    ## Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable

>     This action allows you to store the current epoch timestamp (seconds since 1 January 1970 UTC) into a runtime variable for use in your test case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This action allows you to store the current epoch timestamp (seconds since 1 January 1970 UTC) in a runtime variable for use in your test case.
```

Reviewer: outdated, removing

    **When to use**

    Use this when you need to capture the current time in your test execution, for example, to generate unique values, measure durations, or pass timestamps between steps or test cases.

    **How to store the epoch timestamp**

    - Use the action **storeEpochTimestampInVariable**.
    - In the **Input** field, specify the variable name where you want to store the epoch timestamp.

>     - The action will automatically store the current epoch timestamp at the moment of execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The action stores the current epoch timestamp at execution time.
```

Reviewer: outdated, removing

    **Example**

>     - Set **Input** to `%myEpoch%` to store the timestamp in a variable called `myEpoch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set **Input** to `%myEpoch%` to store the timestamp in a variable named `myEpoch`.
```

Reviewer: outdated, removing

    ![storeEpochTimestampInVariable](img/Things/storeEpochTimestampInVariable-1.png "storeEpochTimestampInVariable1")

>     > **Note:** The stored value will be in seconds. You can use this variable in subsequent steps for assertions, calculations, or as part of generated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** The stored value is in seconds. You can use this variable in subsequent steps for assertions, calculations, or as part of generated data.
```

Reviewer: outdated, removing

    ![storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData](img/Things/storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData-3.png "storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData3")

 ------   
??? example "Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable"

    ## Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable

    This action allows you to store the current epoch timestamp (milliseconds since 1 January 1970 UTC) into a runtime variable or a target datasheet for use in your test case.

    **When to use**

    Use this when you need to capture the current time in your test execution, for example, to generate unique values, measure durations, or pass timestamps between steps or test cases.

    **How to store the epoch timestamp**

    - Use the action **storeEpochTimestampInVariable**.
    - In the **Input** field, specify the variable name or target Test Datasheet column where you want to store the epoch timestamp.
    - The action will automatically store the current epoch timestamp at the moment of execution.

    **Example**

    - Set **Input** to `%myEpoch%` to store the timestamp in a variable called `myEpoch`.

>     - Set **Input** to a datasheet column name to store the timestamp in the datasheet for the current iteration/sub-iteration.

Reviewer 2: Can we store it in datasheet?

Author: updated

    ![storeEpochTimestampInVariable](img/Things/storeEpochTimestampInVariable-1.png "storeEpochTimestampInVariable1")

>     > **Note:** The stored value will be in milliseconds. You can use this variable in subsequent steps for assertions, calculations, or as part of generated data.

Reviewer 2: Based on the code, the timestamp is in "seconds" instead of milliseconds. Can you confirm?
https://github.com/ing-bank/INGenious/pull/147/changes#:~:text=Timestamp%20In%20Epoch-,seconds,-%22%2C%20input

Check line 385 also.

Author: updated

    ![storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData](img/Things/storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData-3.png "storeDataFromPreviousTestCaseData3")

 ------   
??? example "Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable"

    ## Store Epoch Timestamp In Variable

    This action allows you to store the current Unix/Epoch timestamp (time since 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC) into a runtime variable with flexible format options.

    **When to use**

    Use this when you need to capture the current time in your test execution, for example, to generate unique values, measure durations, compare timestamps, or pass time data between steps or test cases.

    **Timestamp Format Options**

    The action supports three different timestamp formats:

    | Format | Description | Example Value |
    |--------|-------------|---------------|
    | **seconds** | Epoch time in seconds | 1714176000 |
    | **milliseconds** | Epoch time in milliseconds | 1714176000000 |
    | **seconds+milliseconds** | Epoch seconds with 3 decimal places for millisecond precision | 1714176000.123 |

    **How to store the Unix timestamp**

>     - Use the action **storeEpochTimestampInVariable**.

Reviewer 3: First step should be to set ObjectName to General of test step.

Author: Updated

    - In the **Input** field, specify the format option: `Seconds`, `Milliseconds`, or `Seconds+Milliseconds` (case-insensitive).
    - In the **Condition** field, specify the variable name where you want to store the timestamp.
    - The action will automatically capture and store the current timestamp at the moment of execution.

    **Examples**

> 

Reviewer: Examples show lowercases "seconds, milliseconds, seconds+milliseconds" and but instruction shows upper cases `Seconds`, `Milliseconds`, or `Seconds+Milliseconds`. Since these are case-sensitive let's use the correct case.

Author: i updated for uniformity but the options are case-insentivie, we do lowercase comparison to the switch case

Reviewer: accepted

Reviewer 3: change accepted

    === "Usage"
        | Input (Format) | Condition (Variable) | Result |
        |----------------|---------------------|--------|

>         | `seconds` | `%EpochSeconds%` | Stores epoch in seconds (e.g., 1714176000) |

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: use %variableName% or %varName%

Author: Updated

>         | `milliseconds` | `%EpochMillis%` | Stores epoch in milliseconds (e.g., 1714176000000) |

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: use %variableName% or %varName%

Author: Updated

>         | `seconds+milliseconds` | `%EpochPrecise%` | Stores epoch with decimal precision (e.g., 1714176000.123) |

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: use %variableName% or %varName%

Author: Updated
